Update whats-new-2-18.md (#854)
run-ai/docs: docs/home/whats-new-2-18.md

* <!-- RUN-17487/RUN-17656 -->Added a new YAML reference document that contains the value types and workload YAML references. Each table contains the field name, its description and the supported Run:ai workload types. The YAML field details contains information on the value type and currently available example workload snippets. For more information see, [YAML Reference](../developer/cluster-api/submit-yaml.md) PDF.

#### Email Notifications - Workload Status and timeouts 

> * AI Practitioners can setup the types of notifications they want to receive, after the admin enabaled and configured notifications for the tenant. For more information, see [Email notifications](../Researcher/best-practices/researcher-notifications.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added new *Email notification* system. AI Practitioners can setup the types of workload notifications they want to receive. In order to receive email notifications, you must ensure that the admin has enabaled and configured notifications for the tenant. For more information, see [Email notifications](../Researcher/best-practices/researcher-notifications.md).
```
